[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Voices from the inside out.
"Innerviews," a different
kind of talk television.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Doreen, it's so
great to see you again.
>> It's wonderful to
be back with you too.
How long has it been?
>> About, I guess five or
six years last time you and I
spoke.
>> Right.
>> Do you still
hear a conversation?
Because I remember the last
time you talked about the idea
that your angels were in
conversation with you.
It wasn't so much a prayer.
Is that still true?
>> Yes.
I'm clairvoyant
and clairaudient.
What that means is I get my
messages from a little voice,
as if I have a microphone
in my right ear.
And that's one other
way I know it's true
divine guidance because
it's always in that ear.
I also can see people
who are around--
I can see people who are on
the other side very clearly.
I've been a clairvoyant
since childhood.
>> Let's talk about
that for just a second.
I wonder how many
people really do
know exactly what a
clairvoyant is, because we say
the word a lot and we hear it.
And there is a stereotype.
>> Yes there is.
>> Thank you.
>> Yeah.
No, the woman with the big hoop
earrings and the crystal ball.
>> Yes.
I see your future.
So what is a
clairvoyant exactly?
>> Well, there's four ways
that we get divine messages,
and the most common are
through our feelings--
physical feelings or emotional
feelings, for instance,
and the second way is
through our thoughts.
The other two ways we
get divine guidance
are through things we hear,
as an inner or an outer voice,
or things we see,
either in our mind's eye
or with our physical sight.
Now, clairvoyance
could be very common,
but most people are
afraid of ghosts,
and that's what keeps them
from seeing beyond the veil.
And as a psychologist,
I've spent
years teaching and
studying how to help people
to break through
those fears, because I
find that most people
would love to see an angel
or would love to see an
apparition of a deceased loved
one or Jesus or ascended master.
So I've found that
when I help people
to break through the barrier
of the fear, it's naturally--
the clairvoyance is naturally
just below the surface.
And I see-- because
I don't have fears--
I see angels and departed loved
ones around a lot of people.
>> Mmm.
Do you think we're all
clairvoyant on some level?
>> Yes, I do.
And in fact, I've seen studies,
for instance, Dr. Daryl
Bem of Cornell University.
He's a professor of engineering.
He was initially a skeptic
about telepathic abilities
and clairvoyance.
And he ran what was supposed
to be the ultimate test,
and the methodology was
as tight as it could get.
He ran this study
11 different times,
and every time, the study came
up with the same conclusion.
That everyone, regardless of
age, gender, or background
had the ability to be
accurate in clairvoyance.
>> Wow.
>> And that study actually has
led to more scientists right
now believing in clairvoyance
and telepathy than the average
person on the street.
>> It's interesting, isn't it,
and you'd be the perfect person
to confirm this, that science
has become so much more
interested in your kind of work.
>> That's right.
>> Literally, when I first
met you and probably 10 years
before that, people really
thought of you as a woo-woo
girl.
>> They did.
And the scientific
work that was done
was very skewed by
scientists who had a bent
to prove that they believed.
So now what we're
getting is we're
getting skeptical scientists
doing the measuring,
and they're the ones who have
the most interesting studies
because they're
the ones who have
a vested interest in
disproving psychic abilities.
And so when they
come up with data
that supports strong evidence
beyond statistical chance
that there is psychic
abilities in everyone,
we all stand up and take notice.
>> Yeah.
So then the possibility exists
that for disbelievers, we
could find God through science.
>> Yes.
Exactly.
And what's interesting to me
is that when I was a child
and I was raised in a
religion that basically said,
scientists are
non-spiritual beings.
They are the ones who
are almost atheistic,
I grew up with a
suspicion of science.
And then later on, as I became a
psychologist with three degrees
in psychology, I
adapted more of a trust
to the scientific method.
And so I've come full circle,
now where some of my friends
are medical doctors and
scientists, and as you said,
we're seeing eye to eye.
Those who are clairvoyant
mediums and spiritual healers
are finding that they have
a partnership with quantum
physicists and scientists in
the engineering departments
of Princeton, Cornell,
Harvard, University of Nevada,
University of Ohio, a
very conservative school.
And we have reams of data
that have no other explanation
but that human beings are
naturally psychic, just
like animals are.
Why would we not have
that ability to sense?
>> Of course.
>> When you know who's going
to call you, for instance,
you think about John and then he
calls you an hour later or you
run into him at the store.
We know now that that's not
something that's woo-woo.
It's scientifically verifiable.
Dr. Dean Radin, formerly with
the University of Nevada,
hooked up someone to a blood
pressure and heart monitor
machine and then had someone
else in the other room
think about that person.
This is unbeknownst to him.
And the moment that a
thought was transmitted
about the person
who was hooked up,
the heart monitor machine
and blood pressure machine
recorded strong
physiological differences.
So we can literally feel
the fingerprint of John
when he thinks
about us, and that's
why we know he's going to
call us or run into us.
>> I'd be interested to hear
more about the religion that
you grew up with.
>> Yes.
Well, it was Christian Science.
I believe that we choose
our childhoods, you see.
I believe that
before we come here,
we set up our life according
to our life purpose.
And some people choose a
very challenging childhood
because there is a growth
that's going to come about,
especially if they can go
through that experience
and forgive, they often
become the greatest healers
and counselors that there
are around and authors.
And I chose a mystical
household with two parents
that are metaphysicians,
who taught me
how to manifest practically
before I could talk.
And I know it's because I came
here to do a lot of teaching,
and I needed to have
a background that
was very much a blank slate.
Many of my friends
are still trying
to overcome some
guilt-based religions,
and it seems like it's, no pun
intended, please, but a cross
that they bear trying to undo
that guilt. As a psychologist,
I've been very
concerned with the guilt
that I see people
struggling with.
And I was born and raised in
a religion that just didn't
have guilt a part of it at all.
>> So it was a help to you.
>> It was a very big help
because it taught me the power
of our thought to manifest.
But on the other hand,
Christian Science basically
doesn't talk about
angels at all,
and it never talks
about departed people.
So as a child, when I
would tell my mommy,
I see all these
people in my room
and it's not Aunt
Betty or grandma,
this is not anyone I know,
who are these people, mom.
She said, oh, you're
just making this up.
>> So she said, it's a a lie.
It's an error.
>> It's an error.
Right.
Yes.
It's an error.
She didn't understand.
Now she's a clairvoyant.
I've helped her to
open her clairvoyance,
and she feels bad, and I
don't want her to feel guilty.
I think a lot of parents squelch
their child's sixth sense
unknowingly.
And that's another
part of my mission
is to tell parents that this is
something that's very normal,
especially today, I'm
seeing that children
are a lot more psychic
than any generation
that we've had previously.
School teachers say that
kids are very different,
and parents of
young children now
notice that their children are
especially intuitive, which
is exciting.
>> Very.
Very exciting.
So you were how old
when you first saw--
>> I don't remember
not seeing them.
It was a part of my life.
I had a lot of
contacts with beings
on the other side where they
would tell me about my mission.
I was told basically
very clearly
when I was a child
that I came here
to teach about mind and body.
And when I do anything but
that, the doors all slam.
I can't even make a penny.
So I'm on a very strict,
narrow path with this contract
that I obviously signed.
>> How do you tell people
to differentiate between
their guide's voice, the
angel's voice, and their own?
>> Well, it's a
subtle distinction,
but it's very much like when
you pick up the telephone.
You pretty quickly know if
it's someone familiar to you
or whether it's a stranger
or a telephone solicitor.
And it's the same kind
of getting used to
and adapting to the
characteristics of true divine
guidance.
Number one, true divine
guidance is repetitive.
It'll tell you the same thing
over and over and over again.
Where false guidance,
or your imagination,
will change its mind
pretty impetuously.
True guidance is
always very centered
around selfless service.
It talks about how
everyone's going to win,
how we can take our natural
passions and interests
and use them to help the world.
Where false guidance
always is about separation.
It wants to make one person
better than the other.
In other words, you might
get an imagination that says,
this will elevate you above
others and make you the hero.
Now, true guidance
is going to give you
guidance that will ultimately
help you to have abundance
and maybe you will get fame
and fortune along with that,
but true guidance
would never ever
talk about that as
its central topic.
False guidance
also puts us down.
It's abusive, it's critical,
and it makes us doubt ourself.
Where true guidance
is like a motivator.
It's like the greatest
coach in the world and says,
you can do it.
It pushes us beyond our
comfort zone very often.
And I think that's what
makes people nervous.
When I do an angel
reading on someone,
the most common comment
I get is, I knew that.
I really felt that all along,
and they needed another person
to validate it for them.
My hope is that we'll all
learn to give ourselves
our own validation
and just follow
our guidance without delay.
>> Are you aware of something
around me right now.
>> Yes.
Well, there's a lady
with you that I remember
from the last time
that we talked,
and she's an elderly woman
who stands behind you.
And she just has a
grandmotherly feel.
Now I remember you said that
you didn't know her very well
and she stands right
behind you, almost
like I'm here just in case.
She's not interfering
or getting in your face
with a lot of advice, but
it's like she holds a net.
If you need this,
honey, I'm here,
which is a really great
spirit guide to have.
You also have a lot of angels--
angel-angels I call them--
which are not humans.
These are more of the biblical
type of angels with wings.
I notice you Gabriel with
you, which makes sense.
And I don't recall
if had Gabriel last.
>> I don't think I did.
Why does that make sense?
>> Well, Gabriel is really an
angel who helps those whose
life purpose involves
communication.
Gabriel's mission is to help
you to trust that you can follow
your feelings and be safe.
>> Is there a
difference, Doreen,
between guides and
angels, and what is it?
>> Yes.
The angels, as I call
them angel-angels
to distinguish them, very
much look like the paintings
that you see on Valentine's
cards and holiday cards.
They really do have
wings, although I've never
seen them flap their wings
or use them for flying.
What my understanding is is
that the original Renaissance
painters mistook the aura, the
glow, around an angel for wings
and painted them that way.
And now they appear
to us that way,
almost shape shifting
for our benefit
so that we can recognize
who the players are.
But they come in
all different sizes.
Archangel Michael, for instance,
is roughly 10 feet tall.
He's huge.
And there's Rafael, who's
a little bit shorter.
He's the archangel having
to do with healers.
And Gabriel, who's a female
archangel, by the way.
>> Oh, really?
>> Yeah.
Right.
And so that's kind of neat
because most of the archangels
are male.
And Gabriel is--
how tall are you?
5' 8", 5' 9"?
Then there's the
little cherubs that
can help out with things such
as manifesting a soul mate
relationship.
There's specialist angels that
can help us with finances,
with career, with creativity.
Basically there's like people,
there's angels for just
about any life area.
>> Just now when you said how
tall are you, about 5' 8",
was that the angel
answering you?
>> Yeah.
We were having a conversation.
Yeah.
>> And is it ongoing
now, the conversation?
>> Well, I mean, they
would like it to be.
Sometimes I have
to tune them out.
But sometimes they
just take charge
and just tell me what to do.
They've made tremendous shifts
in my lifestyle for the better,
but I resisted it initially.
>> Just thinking
that, I was wondering,
do you ever resist them?
Do you ever say no?
>> There are times when I
say, can I just go out tonight
and party.
And no, I can't.
They say there's
no time to waste.
They've got me on a very
strict no caffeine, no alcohol,
no animal products diet
to keep my clairvoyance
as big as possible.
Now not anyone
should feel afraid
that they have to
do those things
and be that radical
to be clairvoyant.
You don't.
They just want my clairvoyance
to be as maximized as possible.
And to do that, you really
have to purify your body quite
a bit.
And they're very concerned.
We're going through
some tremendous Earth
changes right now, and archangel
Michael, who's a powerful--
probably the most powerful
angel I've ever met--
is constantly telling
me that this is it.
We're at the 11th hour.
We've passed the fork in the
road in the Earth's time.
And unfortunately, not enough
people are going to wake up.
And here's what the
angels have been
trying to do is get messages
to everybody that it's time
to wake up and take
care of the Earth
and take care of each other.
But not enough
people are believing
that their guidance is real.
They're not believing that
they can make a difference.
They've got an ego
issue that says, who me.
I can't help.
And so they're asleep.
And now the angels have to
work with those who are awake,
the people who are on
the spiritual path.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Are there angels who
go to people in power?
>> Oh, yes.
The president, for instance,
has two very large angels
assigned to him that are
in charge of the country.
They're our angels, and they
work with him to protect us.
>> Really.
Now this is very
interesting to me.
>> He's got a lot of
things around him,
and there's a group of us that
work to clear him constantly.
>> I wonder if people can hear
angels on a subliminal level.
You hear them on a very
clear level, and you say,
OK, thanks, Michael.
I got that.
But do people-- and again,
I'm talking about government--
have the ability to hear
and not exactly know
where it comes from us?
>> Yes.
Very much so.
When people are sleeping,
the angels do a lot of work
with them.
And so when they wake
up in the morning,
they often have brilliant
ideas or a determination.
Today, I'm going to
be kind to people.
I'm going to do the right thing.
Unfortunately, that
fades over the hours.
And so the angels
and other guides
are very concerned
that the planet Earth
stay intact and take
very cautious steps
at this time in our history.
There's nature angels that
are as much God's creation
as any other type of angel.
I know a lot of people have been
afraid to investigate or get
involved with these
nature angels.
We call them fairies
or elementals,
because it's been believed
that that's Wiccan or pagan.
And a lot of people who are
working a different path
don't want to get
involved in that.
But they help the
plants and the flowers
and the animals and
the Earth, ultimately,
is their purpose to protect.
>> So what exactly does
an angel look like?
A godly angel.
I mean, I understand now
that there are types,
and I love that you
mentioned the idea of fairies
being angels because
I've always believed
they are a type of angel.
>> They definitely are.
And like I said, there's just
been a prejudice against them.
>> Indeed.
>> And I had to cross over that
myself coming from a Christian
background.
I had to-- is this OK?
And all I have to do
is go talk to them.
It's one of the reasons why
when we go outside in nature,
we feel wonderful is because
these little beings are
covering us like--
remember Gulliver's
travel when he'd
have the Lilliputians over him?
It's like that with the
fairies, and they just
clear us like chimney sweeps.
They're wonderful healers.
But they have butterfly
wings or dragonfly wings.
And the angels, to
answer your question,
are opalescent in color.
They're transparent.
They don't have race
or flesh, so you
don't see a Della Reese or Roma
Downey looking type of angel
because they're
totally without flesh.
The guides are the ones who
have distinct hair color and eye
color and flesh color, and
those are deceased people.
Now, angels can incarnate.
In Hebrews 13:2,
Paul said, be careful
when entertaining strangers
because by so doing,
many have entertained
angels unaware.
Making reference
to the angels can
take a human form, either
temporarily during a crisis
or even a life cycle,
as an incarnated angel.
But they're
technically not humans
because they come from
a different realm.
They have a
different psychology.
I've worked with a few.
All these wonderful
angels, all they want to do
is help us and help the Earth.
The trouble is that most of
us either won't believe it
or we are reluctant or we
forget to ask for help.
>> Once you make a
choice to believe them,
do you see more of them?
>> Yes.
>> And you physically feel--
Well, there's a couple things.
I think that even hardcore
skeptics wouldn't turn away
help that's offered to
them free of charge.
And so I tell skeptics,
just mentally talk
to angels and ask them for help.
Look, God doesn't get offended.
There's no rules we're breaking.
The angels, we're not
wasting their time
or pulling them off more
important duty when we ask them
for help with everyday things.
The angels say the reason
there's outbreaks of violence
in the world with shootings
in the workplace right
now is because the stress
level of the human race
is at a boiling point.
And they say, if you'd let us
help you with the so-called
trivial parts of your
life-- the commute home,
the checkbook balancing, the
argument with your spouse--
if you'd let us get
involved with those things,
we can reduce the stress level.
>> So you mean, it's not
trivial to say to an angel,
please send me a parking space.
>> Parking spaces.
Exactly.
What the angels say-- and this
reminds me of Christian Science
a little bit-- is
matter doesn't matter.
They say, a hangnail
is the equivalent
of a seeming terminal illness
because in the balance,
it's all an illusion.
And all they are here to do is
support us to stay at peace.
That's our purpose
is to be at peace.
>> Oh, that's interesting.
>> So that's them working
out God's will to help us
by getting a great parking space
and getting the green lights
and helping you to get to the
babysitter on time to pick up
your child so you don't
get charged overtime.
All those things are
important in the angels' eyes.
>> That's very well
defined, Doreen,
to say that an
angel's job, actually,
is to help us stay at peace.
>> Yes.
That's why God created them.
I mean, angel means
messenger of God.
They say, think of us as one
with God like God's arms.
And so when you're
talking to an angel,
you're really talking
to the creator,
an extension of the creator,
given to us as a gift.
And why would we
push away a gift?
Why not accept good graciously?
If it helps others when
we're happy and peaceful.
>> Do animals have angels?
>> Oh, yes.
And they are,
again, the fairies.
I was once asked by an
interview, do dogs' angels
look like little
dogs with wings.
No.
They look like Tinker Bell.
And the only exception is
that the water-based animals,
like ducks and fish, have
angels that are called sylphs--
S-Y-L-P-H. And the
sylphs don't have wings.
They're kind of like sprites.
They are these kind of
long, water-based angels.
So when you're working
with your animal,
you can actually
help your animal
to behave better or to
bond with you by mentally
talking to their angels.
>> To their angels.
>> Yes.
>> Good.
I'm going to be talking to
an angel when I get home.
Let me tell you.
>> My cat once was
out on the roof,
and I couldn't get him
to come back to me.
And I talked to his angels
and instantly, he came to me.
The angels are wonderful
intermediaries.
I have found-- and this
is after three degrees
in psychology and
taking a whole semester
studying conflict resolution--
that the greatest method
to get through any sort
of fight or irritation
with another person is to
mentally talk to that person's
guardian angels and ask them
to intervene and to create
peace instead of pain.
And we see arguments
resolve where
it's to the point where people
develop a form of amnesia
and they can't remember
what the argument was about.
>> It's great advice.
>> It works like magic.
>> Yes.
>> And spiritually, if you're
irritated at someone or you
want to murder
them, it's the same.
It's all about fear and attack.
And so the angels want to help
us to have love toward everyone
and to see other people
through their eyes.
The angels are the
president of our fan club.
They see past our surface.
They see past our gender,
our race, our religion,
and all the mistakes
that we think we've made.
And what they see within
us is the beating heart
of the creator, that light,
that eternal goodness
that can never be spoiled.
And the angels want
us to see that.
They said, if we would
see that, it would
transform the entire world.
>> You know what we haven't
talked about over the years
that we've talked
is the playfulness.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> The playful side of
angels, because I think
there's an image that has angels
as [IMITATING STOIC VOICE]
somber.
>> Oh, yeah.
Very stoic, yes.
>> A friend of mine said
today, when you talk to Doreen,
ask her if angels are playful.
>> They say frolic and
play is the angels' way.
So here's the
human part of this.
It's a little-- seems difficult,
but the angels say, hey,
it's not a problem--
is they want us to be on our
path and work our purpose
and not waste our time.
But on the other hand, they
want us to get plenty of rest,
and they want us
to play regularly.
And if we talk to them, they're
like the greatest secretaries
that will schedule our day.
What we can do is we can ask
the angels to hold our calls.
If you're getting too
many crazy phone calls,
tell the angels that you want
your calls to be screened
and only the important
ones to come through.
And people who would normally
call you at the drop of a hat
won't call you.
They'll just feel,
well, it's not time.
Even the most insensitive
person will get it.
So you can have the angels
free up your schedule
so you can have
more time to play.
As you know, many people, you
ask him what do you do for fun
and they'll say, I
kind of remember.
>> That's so true.
So often.
>> They don't know
what to do for fun.
>> Yeah.
They don't have an answer.
>> Right.
And so they delay
fun for the future
when they lose weight or pay
off their bills or graduate.
The fun is something
they're going to do someday.
And the angels say that fun
is a necessity, not a luxury.
>> Right.
You are always just
a joy to talk to you.
>> Thank you.
So are you.
>> And here we are,
visions in blue today.
Thank you, Doreen, for
your divine guidance.
>> Appreciate it very much.
God bless.
[MUSIC PLAYING]